.gitignore
License.txt
MANIFEST.in
README.rst
dev-requirements.txt
pyproject.toml
requirements.txt
setup.cfg
setup.py
tox.ini
.github/workflows/publish-package.yml
.github/workflows/run-tests.yml
Lib/extractor/__init__.py
Lib/extractor/_version.py
Lib/extractor/exceptions.py
Lib/extractor/stream.py
Lib/extractor/tools.py
Lib/extractor/formats/__init__.py
Lib/extractor/formats/opentype.py
Lib/extractor/formats/ttx.py
Lib/extractor/formats/type1.py
Lib/extractor/formats/vfb.py
Lib/extractor/formats/woff.py
Lib/ufo_extractor.egg-info/PKG-INFO
Lib/ufo_extractor.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
Lib/ufo_extractor.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
Lib/ufo_extractor.egg-info/entry_points.txt
Lib/ufo_extractor.egg-info/requires.txt
Lib/ufo_extractor.egg-info/top_level.txt
Lib/ufo_extractor.egg-info/zip-safe
tests/conftest.py
tests/extractor_test.py
tests/roundtrip.py
tests/roundtrip_otf.py
tests/stream_test.py
tests/data/UVSTest.ttf
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text Italic.vfb
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL.fpgm.ttxasm
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL.fpgm.vttasm
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL.otf
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL.otf.ttx
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL.ttf
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL.ttx
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-ufo2ft.otf
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-ufo2ft.otf.ttx
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-ufo2ft.ttf
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-ufo2ft.ttx
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text.vfb
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/fontinfo.plist
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/groups.plist
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/kerning.plist
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/layercontents.plist
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/lib.plist
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/metainfo.plist
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/A_E_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/A_E_acute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/A_acute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/A_breve.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/A_breveacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/A_brevedotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/A_brevegrave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/A_brevehook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/A_brevetilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/A_circumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/A_circumflexacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/A_circumflexdotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/A_circumflexgrave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/A_circumflexhook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/A_circumflextilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/A_dieresis.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/A_dotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/A_grave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/A_hook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/A_macron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/A_ogonek.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/A_ring.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/A_ringacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/A_tilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/B_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/C_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/C_R_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/C_acute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/C_caron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/C_cedilla.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/C_circumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/C_dotaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/D_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/D_caron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/D_croat.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/D_elta.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/E_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/E_acute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/E_breve.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/E_caron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/E_circumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/E_circumflexacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/E_circumflexdotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/E_circumflexgrave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/E_circumflexhook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/E_circumflextilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/E_dieresis.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/E_dotaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/E_dotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/E_grave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/E_hook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/E_macron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/E_ng.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/E_ogonek.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/E_th.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/E_tilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/E_uro.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/F_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/G_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/G_breve.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/G_circumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/G_commaaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/G_dotaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/G_ermandbls.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/H_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/H_bar.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/H_circumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/I_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/I_J_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/I_J_acute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/I_acute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/I_breve.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/I_circumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/I_dieresis.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/I_dotaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/I_dotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/I_grave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/I_hook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/I_macron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/I_ogonek.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/I_tilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/J_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/J_acute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/J_circumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/K_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/K_commaaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/L_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/L_acute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/L_caron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/L_commaaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/L_dot.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/L_slash.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/M_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/N_acute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/N_caron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/N_commaaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/N_tilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/O_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/O_E_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/O_acute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/O_breve.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/O_circumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/O_circumflexacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/O_circumflexdotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/O_circumflexgrave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/O_circumflexhook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/O_circumflextilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/O_dieresis.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/O_dotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/O_grave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/O_hook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/O_horn.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/O_hornacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/O_horndotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/O_horngrave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/O_hornhook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/O_horntilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/O_hungarumlaut.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/O_macron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/O_mega.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/O_slash.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/O_slashacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/O_tilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/P_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/Q_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/R_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/R_acute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/R_caron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/R_commaaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/S_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/S_acute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/S_caron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/S_cedilla.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/S_chwa.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/S_circumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/S_commaaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/T_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/T_bar.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/T_caron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/T_cedilla.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/T_commaaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/T_horn.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/U_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/U_acute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/U_breve.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/U_circumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/U_dieresis.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/U_dotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/U_grave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/U_hook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/U_horn.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/U_hornacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/U_horndotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/U_horngrave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/U_hornhook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/U_horntilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/U_hungarumlaut.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/U_macron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/U_ogonek.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/U_ring.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/U_tilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/V_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/W_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/W_acute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/W_circumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/W_dieresis.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/W_grave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/X_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/Y_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/Y_acute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/Y_circumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/Y_dieresis.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/Y_dotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/Y_grave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/Y_hook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/Y_tilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/Z_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/Z_acute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/Z_caron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/Z_dotaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/_notdef.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/_null.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/a.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/a.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/aacute.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/aacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/abreve.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/abreve.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/abreveacute.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/abreveacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/abrevedotbelow.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/abrevedotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/abrevegrave.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/abrevegrave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/abrevehook.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/abrevehook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/abrevetilde.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/abrevetilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/acircumflexacute.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/acircumflexacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/acircumflexdotbelow.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/acircumflexdotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/acircumflexgrave.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/acircumflexgrave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/acircumflexhook.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/acircumflexhook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/acircumflextilde.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/acircumflextilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/acute.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/acute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/acutecomb.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/adotbelow.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/adotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ae.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/aeacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/agrave.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/agrave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ahook.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ahook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/amacron.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/amacron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/aogonek.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/aogonek.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/approxequal.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/aring.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/aringacute.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/aringacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/arrowdown.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/arrowdownclockhalf.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/arrowdowncounterclockhalf.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/arrowdownleft.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/arrowdownleftcorner.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/arrowdownright.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/arrowdownrightcorner.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/arrowhookleft.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/arrowhookright.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/arrowleft.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/arrowleftarrowright.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/arrowleftdowncorner.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/arrowleftright.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/arrowleftupcorner.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/arrowright.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/arrowrightarrowleft.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/arrowrightdowncorner.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/arrowrightupcorner.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/arrowup.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/arrowupdown.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/arrowupleft.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/arrowupleftcorner.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/arrowupleftcounterclock.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/arrowupright.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/arrowuprightclock.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/arrowuprightcorner.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/at.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/atilde.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/atilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/b.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/baht.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/bitcoin.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/bracketright.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/breve.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/breve.cyrl.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/breve.cyrl_case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/breve.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/breveacute.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/breveacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/brevecomb.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/brevegrave.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/brevegrave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/brevehook.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/brevehook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/brevetilde.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/brevetilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/brokenbar.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/bullet.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/c.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/cacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/caron.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/caron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/caroncomb.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/caronslovak.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/caronslovakcomb.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ccaron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ccircumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/cdotaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/cedi.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/cedillacomb.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/celogo.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/cent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/checkmark.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/circumflexacute.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/circumflexacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/circumflexbreve.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/circumflexbreve.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/circumflexcomb.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/circumflexgrave.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/circumflexgrave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/circumflexhook.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/circumflexhook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/circumflextilde.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/circumflextilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/colon.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/coloncurrency.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/comma.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/commabelowcomb.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/commaturnedtop.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/commaturnedtopcomb.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/crossmark.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/d.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/dagger.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/daggerdbl.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/dcaron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/dcroat.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/degree.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/dieresisacute.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/dieresisacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/dieresiscaron.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/dieresiscaron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/dieresiscomb.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/dieresisgrave.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/dieresisgrave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/dieresismacron.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/dieresismacron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/divide.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/dollar.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/dong.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/dotaccent.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/dotaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/dotaccentcomb.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/dotbelowcomb.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/dotlessj.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/e.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/eacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ebreve.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ecaron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflexacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflexdotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflexgrave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflexhook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflextilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/edotaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/edotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ehook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/eightinferior.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/eightsuperior.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ellipsis.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/emacron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/eng.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/eogonek.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/equal.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/estimated.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/eth.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/etilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/exclam.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/f.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/fcclogo.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/fi.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/five.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/fiveinferior.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/fivesuperior.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/fl.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/florin.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/four.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/fourinferior.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/foursuperior.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/fraction.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/g.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/g.alt02.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/g.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/gcircumflex.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/gcircumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/gcommaaccent.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/gcommaaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/gdotaccent.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/gdotaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/grave.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/grave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/gravecomb.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/greaterequal.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/guarani.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/h.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/hbar.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/hcircumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/hookcomb.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/hookcomb.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/horncomb.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/hryvnia.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlautcomb.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/i.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ibreve.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/idotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/igrave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ihook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ij.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ijacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/imacron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/infinity.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/integral.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/iogonek.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/itilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/j.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/jacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/jcircumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/k.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/kcommaaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/kgreenlandic.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/kip.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/l.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/lacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/lcaron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/lcommaaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ldot.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/less.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/lessequal.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/lira.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/liraturkish.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/litre.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/lozenge.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/lslash.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/m.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/macron.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/macron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/macroncomb.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/minus.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/mu.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/multiply.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/n.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/nacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/naira.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/napostrophe.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/nbspace.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ncaron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ncommaaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/nine.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/nineinferior.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ninesuperior.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/notequal.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/numerosign.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/o.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/oacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/obreve.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflexacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflexdotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflexgrave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflexhook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflextilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/odotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/oe.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ogonek.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ogonekcomb.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ohook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ohorn.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ohornacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ohorndotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ohorngrave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ohornhook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ohorntilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ohungarumlaut.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/omacron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/one.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/oneinferior.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/onequarter.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/onesuperior.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ordmasculine.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/oslashacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/otilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/p.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/partialdiff.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/period.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/perthousand.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/peso.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/pi.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/plus.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/plusminus.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/prime.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/primedbl.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/product.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/q.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/question.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/quotedblbase.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/quotedblleft.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/quotesingle.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/r.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/racute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/radical.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/rcaron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/rcommaaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/registered.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ring.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ring.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ringacute.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ringacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ringcomb.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ruble.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/rupee.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/rupeeindian.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/s.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/sacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/scaron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/scedilla.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/schwa.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/scircumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/scommaaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/section.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/seveninferior.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/sevensuperior.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/sheqel.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/six.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/sixinferior.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/sixsuperior.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/softhyphen.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/space.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/sterling.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/summation.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/t.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/tbar.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/tcedilla.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/tcommaaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/tenge.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/three.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/threeinferior.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/threequarters.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/threesuperior.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/tilde.alt01.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/tilde.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/tilde.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/tilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/tildecomb.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/trademark.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/tugrik.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/two.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/twoinferior.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/twosuperior.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/u.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ubreve.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/udotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ugrave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uhook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uhorn.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uhornacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uhorndotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uhorngrave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uhornhook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uhorntilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uhungarumlaut.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/umacron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0400.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0401.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0402.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0403.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0404.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0405.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0406.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0407.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0408.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0409.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni040A_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni040B_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni040C_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni040D_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni040E_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni040F_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0410.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0411.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0412.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0413.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0414.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0415.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0416.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0417.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0418.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0419.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni041A_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni041B_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni041C_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni041D_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni041E_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni041F_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0420.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0421.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0422.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0423.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0424.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0425.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0426.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0427.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0428.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0429.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni042A_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni042B_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni042C_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni042D_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni042E_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni042F_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0430.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0430.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0431.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0432.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0433.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0434.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0435.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0436.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0437.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0438.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0439.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni043A_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni043B_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni043C_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni043D_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni043E_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni043F_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0440.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0441.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0442.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0443.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0444.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0445.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0446.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0447.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0448.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0449.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni044A_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni044B_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni044C_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni044D_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni044E_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni044F_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0450.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0451.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0452.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0453.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0454.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0455.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0456.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0457.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0458.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0459.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni045A_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni045B_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni045C_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni045D_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni045E_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni045F_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0472.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0473.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0490.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0491.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0492.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0493.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0494.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0495.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0496.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0497.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0498.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni0499.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni049A_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni049B_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni049C_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni049D_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04A_0.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04A_1.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04A_2.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04A_3.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04A_4.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04A_5.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04A_A_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04A_B_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04A_E_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04A_F_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04B_0.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04B_1.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04B_2.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04B_3.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04B_6.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04B_7.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04B_8.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04B_9.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04B_A_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04B_B_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04C_0.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04C_1.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04C_2.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04C_F_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04D_0.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04D_1.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04D_1.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04D_2.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04D_3.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04D_3.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04D_4.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04D_5.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04D_6.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04D_7.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04D_8.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04D_9.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04D_C_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04D_D_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04D_E_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04D_F_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04E_2.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04E_3.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04E_4.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04E_5.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04E_6.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04E_7.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04E_8.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04E_9.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04E_E_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04E_F_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04F_0.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04F_1.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04F_2.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04F_3.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04F_4.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04F_5.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04F_8.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni04F_9.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni2150.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni2151.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni2153.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni2154.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni2155.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni2156.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni2157.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni2158.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni2159.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni215A_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni215B_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni215C_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni215D_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uni215E_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uogonek.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/uring.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/utilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/v.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/w.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/wacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/wcircumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/wdieresis.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/wgrave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/won.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/x.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/y.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ycircumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ydieresis.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ydotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/yen.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ygrave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/yhook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/ytilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/z.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/zacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/zcaron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/zdotaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/zero.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/zero.alt02.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/zero.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/zeroinferior.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.otf.ufo/glyphs/zerosuperior.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/fontinfo.plist
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/groups.plist
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/kerning.plist
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/layercontents.plist
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/lib.plist
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/metainfo.plist
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/A_E_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/A_E_acute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/A_acute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/A_breve.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/A_breveacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/A_brevedotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/A_brevegrave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/A_brevehook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/A_brevetilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/A_circumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/A_circumflexacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/A_circumflexdotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/A_circumflexgrave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/A_circumflexhook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/A_circumflextilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/A_dieresis.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/A_dotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/A_grave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/A_hook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/A_macron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/A_ogonek.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/A_ring.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/A_ringacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/A_tilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/B_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/C_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/C_acute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/C_caron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/C_cedilla.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/C_circumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/C_dotaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/D_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/D_caron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/D_croat.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/D_elta.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/E_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/E_acute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/E_breve.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/E_caron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/E_circumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/E_circumflexacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/E_circumflexdotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/E_circumflexgrave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/E_circumflexhook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/E_circumflextilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/E_dieresis.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/E_dotaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/E_dotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/E_grave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/E_hook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/E_macron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/E_ng.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/E_ogonek.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/E_th.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/E_tilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/E_uro.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/F_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/G_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/G_breve.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/G_circumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/G_commaaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/G_dotaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/G_ermandbls.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/H_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/H_bar.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/H_circumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/I_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/I_J_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/I_J_acute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/I_acute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/I_breve.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/I_circumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/I_dieresis.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/I_dotaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/I_dotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/I_grave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/I_hook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/I_macron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/I_ogonek.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/I_tilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/J_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/J_acute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/J_circumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/K_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/K_commaaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/L_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/L_acute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/L_caron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/L_commaaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/L_dot.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/L_slash.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/M_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/N_acute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/N_caron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/N_commaaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/N_tilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/O_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/O_E_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/O_acute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/O_breve.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/O_circumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/O_circumflexacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/O_circumflexdotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/O_circumflexgrave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/O_circumflexhook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/O_circumflextilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/O_dieresis.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/O_dotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/O_grave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/O_hook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/O_horn.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/O_hornacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/O_horndotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/O_horngrave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/O_hornhook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/O_horntilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/O_hungarumlaut.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/O_macron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/O_mega.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/O_slash.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/O_slashacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/O_tilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/P_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/Q_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/R_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/R_acute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/R_caron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/R_commaaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/S_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/S_acute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/S_caron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/S_cedilla.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/S_chwa.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/S_circumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/S_commaaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/T_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/T_bar.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/T_caron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/T_cedilla.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/T_commaaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/T_horn.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/U_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/U_acute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/U_breve.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/U_circumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/U_dieresis.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/U_dotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/U_grave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/U_hook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/U_horn.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/U_hornacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/U_horndotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/U_horngrave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/U_hornhook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/U_horntilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/U_hungarumlaut.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/U_macron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/U_ogonek.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/U_ring.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/U_tilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/V_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/W_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/W_acute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/W_circumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/W_dieresis.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/W_grave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/X_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/Y_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/Y_acute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/Y_circumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/Y_dieresis.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/Y_dotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/Y_grave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/Y_hook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/Y_tilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/Z_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/Z_acute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/Z_caron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/Z_dotaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/_notdef.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/_null.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/a.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/a.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/aacute.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/aacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/abreve.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/abreve.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/abreveacute.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/abreveacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/abrevedotbelow.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/abrevedotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/abrevegrave.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/abrevegrave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/abrevehook.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/abrevehook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/abrevetilde.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/abrevetilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/acircumflexacute.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/acircumflexacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/acircumflexdotbelow.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/acircumflexdotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/acircumflexgrave.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/acircumflexgrave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/acircumflexhook.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/acircumflexhook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/acircumflextilde.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/acircumflextilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/acute.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/acute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/acutecomb.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/adotbelow.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/adotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ae.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/aeacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/agrave.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/agrave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ahook.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ahook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/amacron.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/amacron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/aogonek.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/aogonek.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/approxequal.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/aring.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/aringacute.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/aringacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/arrowdown.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/arrowdownclockhalf.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/arrowdowncounterclockhalf.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/arrowdownleft.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/arrowdownleftcorner.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/arrowdownright.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/arrowdownrightcorner.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/arrowhookleft.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/arrowhookright.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/arrowleft.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/arrowleftarrowright.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/arrowleftdowncorner.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/arrowleftright.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/arrowleftupcorner.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/arrowright.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/arrowrightarrowleft.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/arrowrightdowncorner.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/arrowrightupcorner.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/arrowup.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/arrowupdown.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/arrowupleft.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/arrowupleftcorner.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/arrowupleftcounterclock.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/arrowupright.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/arrowuprightclock.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/arrowuprightcorner.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/at.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/atilde.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/atilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/b.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/baht.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/bitcoin.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/bracketright.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/breve.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/breve.cyrl.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/breve.cyrl_case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/breve.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/breveacute.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/breveacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/brevecomb.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/brevegrave.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/brevegrave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/brevehook.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/brevehook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/brevetilde.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/brevetilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/brokenbar.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/bullet.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/c.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/cacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/caron.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/caron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/caroncomb.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/caronslovak.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/caronslovakcomb.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ccaron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ccircumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/cdotaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/cedi.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/cedillacomb.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/celogo.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/cent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/checkmark.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/circumflexacute.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/circumflexacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/circumflexbreve.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/circumflexbreve.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/circumflexcomb.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/circumflexgrave.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/circumflexgrave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/circumflexhook.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/circumflexhook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/circumflextilde.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/circumflextilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/colon.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/coloncurrency.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/comma.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/commabelowcomb.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/commaturnedtop.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/commaturnedtopcomb.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/crossmark.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/d.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/dagger.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/daggerdbl.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/dcaron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/dcroat.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/degree.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/dieresisacute.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/dieresisacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/dieresiscaron.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/dieresiscaron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/dieresiscomb.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/dieresisgrave.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/dieresisgrave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/dieresismacron.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/dieresismacron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/divide.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/dollar.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/dong.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/dotaccent.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/dotaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/dotaccentcomb.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/dotbelowcomb.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/dotlessj.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/e.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/eacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ebreve.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ecaron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflexacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflexdotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflexgrave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflexhook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflextilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/edotaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/edotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ehook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/eightinferior.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/eightsuperior.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ellipsis.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/emacron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/eng.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/eogonek.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/equal.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/estimated.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/eth.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/etilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/exclam.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/f.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/fcclogo.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/fi.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/five.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/fiveinferior.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/fivesuperior.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/fl.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/florin.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/four.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/fourinferior.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/foursuperior.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/fraction.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/g.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/g.alt02.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/g.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/gcircumflex.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/gcircumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/gcommaaccent.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/gcommaaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/gdotaccent.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/gdotaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/grave.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/grave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/gravecomb.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/greaterequal.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/guarani.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/h.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/hbar.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/hcircumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/hookcomb.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/hookcomb.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/horncomb.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/hryvnia.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlautcomb.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/i.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ibreve.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/idotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/igrave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ihook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ij.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ijacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/imacron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/infinity.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/integral.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/iogonek.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/itilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/j.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/jacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/jcircumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/k.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/kcommaaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/kgreenlandic.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/kip.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/l.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/lacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/lcaron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/lcommaaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ldot.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/less.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/lessequal.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/lira.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/liraturkish.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/litre.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/lozenge.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/lslash.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/m.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/macron.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/macron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/macroncomb.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/minus.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/mu.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/multiply.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/n.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/nacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/naira.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/napostrophe.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ncaron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ncommaaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/nine.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/nineinferior.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ninesuperior.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/nonbreakingspace.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/nonmarkingreturn.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/notequal.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/numerosign.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/o.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/oacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/obreve.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflexacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflexdotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflexgrave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflexhook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflextilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/odotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/oe.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ogonek.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ogonekcomb.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ohook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ohorn.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ohornacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ohorndotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ohorngrave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ohornhook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ohorntilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ohungarumlaut.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/omacron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/one.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/oneinferior.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/onequarter.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/onesuperior.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ordmasculine.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/oslashacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/otilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/p.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/partialdiff.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/period.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/perthousand.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/peso.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/pi.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/plus.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/plusminus.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/prime.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/primedbl.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/product.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/q.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/question.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/quotedblbase.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/quotedblleft.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/quotesingle.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/r.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/racute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/radical.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/rcaron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/rcommaaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/registered.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ring.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ring.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ringacute.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ringacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ringcomb.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ruble.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/rupee.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/rupeeindian.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/s.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/sacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/scaron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/scedilla.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/schwa.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/scircumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/scommaaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/section.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/seveninferior.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/sevensuperior.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/sheqel.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/six.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/sixinferior.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/sixsuperior.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/softhyphen.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/space.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/sterling.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/summation.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/t.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/tbar.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/tcedilla.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/tcommaaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/tenge.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/three.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/threeinferior.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/threequarters.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/threesuperior.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/tilde.alt01.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/tilde.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/tilde.case.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/tilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/tildecomb.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/trademark.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/tugrik.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/two.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/twoinferior.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/twosuperior.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/u.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ubreve.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/udotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ugrave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uhook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uhorn.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uhornacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uhorndotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uhorngrave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uhornhook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uhorntilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uhungarumlaut.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/umacron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0400.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0401.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0402.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0403.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0404.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0405.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0406.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0407.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0408.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0409.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni040A_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni040B_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni040C_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni040D_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni040E_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni040F_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0410.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0411.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0412.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0413.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0414.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0415.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0416.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0417.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0418.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0419.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni041A_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni041B_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni041C_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni041D_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni041E_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni041F_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0420.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0421.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0422.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0423.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0424.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0425.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0426.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0427.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0428.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0429.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni042A_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni042B_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni042C_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni042D_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni042E_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni042F_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0430.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0430.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0431.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0432.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0433.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0434.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0435.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0436.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0437.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0438.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0439.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni043A_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni043B_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni043C_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni043D_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni043E_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni043F_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0440.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0441.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0442.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0443.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0444.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0445.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0446.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0447.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0448.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0449.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni044A_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni044B_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni044C_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni044D_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni044E_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni044F_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0450.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0451.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0452.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0453.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0454.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0455.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0456.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0457.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0458.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0459.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni045A_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni045B_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni045C_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni045D_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni045E_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni045F_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0472.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0473.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0490.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0491.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0492.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0493.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0494.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0495.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0496.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0497.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0498.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni0499.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni049A_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni049B_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni049C_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni049D_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04A_0.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04A_1.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04A_2.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04A_3.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04A_4.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04A_5.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04A_A_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04A_B_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04A_E_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04A_F_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04B_0.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04B_1.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04B_2.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04B_3.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04B_6.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04B_7.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04B_8.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04B_9.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04B_A_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04B_B_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04C_0.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04C_1.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04C_2.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04C_F_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04D_0.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04D_1.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04D_1.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04D_2.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04D_3.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04D_3.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04D_4.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04D_5.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04D_6.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04D_7.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04D_8.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04D_9.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04D_C_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04D_D_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04D_E_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04D_F_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04E_2.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04E_3.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04E_4.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04E_5.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04E_6.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04E_7.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04E_8.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04E_9.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04E_E_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04E_F_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04F_0.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04F_1.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04F_2.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04F_3.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04F_4.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04F_5.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04F_8.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni04F_9.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni2150.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni2151.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni2153.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni2154.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni2155.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni2156.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni2157.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni2158.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni2159.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni215A_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni215B_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni215C_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni215D_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uni215E_.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uogonek.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/uring.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/utilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/v.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/w.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/wacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/wcircumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/wdieresis.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/wgrave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/won.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/x.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/y.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ycircumflex.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ydieresis.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ydotbelow.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/yen.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ygrave.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/yhook.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/ytilde.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/z.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/zacute.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/zcaron.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/zdotaccent.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/zero.alt01.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/zero.alt02.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/zero.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/zeroinferior.glif
tests/data/ibm_plex/IBM Plex Serif-Text-FL_extracted.ufo/glyphs/zerosuperior.glif